README.md, before:

# VT REPLAY CONVERTER
Converts VTOL VR Tactical Replay Files Into ACMI Files for Tacview!
![vtrc_image](https://github.com/LSantos2003/VTReplayConverter/blob/master/VTReplayConverter/ReadmeResources/vtrc_image.jpg)

## Download Instructions
- Download Tacview first! The version from their [website](https://www.tacview.net/product/about/en/) is highly recommended. Since it lets you open multiple Tacview windows at once. However there is a [steam version](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1174860/Tacview/) as well. Which only lets you open one tacview file at a time
- Download and run VTRC_Installer.exe from the latest [release](https://github.com/LSantos2003/VTReplayConverter/releases)
- Once VTRC is installed, uninstall the VTRC_Installer since it is no longer needed


## Features
![vtrc_converted_replay](https://github.com/LSantos2003/VTReplayConverter/blob/master/VTReplayConverter/ReadmeResources/vtrc_converted_replay.gif)
- Electronic Warfare Visuals
- Terrain Creation
- Imported VTOL VR Models 
- Radar lock displays (Only in Tacview advanced sadly)
## Soon To Come
- More VTOL VR models to put in 
- SAM Threat Spheres

## Big thanks to 
- Kynabas: Testing and model edits
- Danku: Testing and EW Cone

Commit message:

feat: add mention to linux guid on readme

README.md, after:

# VT REPLAY CONVERTER
Converts VTOL VR Tactical Replay Files Into ACMI Files for Tacview!
![vtrc_image](https://github.com/LSantos2003/VTReplayConverter/blob/master/VTReplayConverter/ReadmeResources/vtrc_image.jpg)

## Download Instructions
- Download Tacview first! The version from their [website](https://www.tacview.net/product/about/en/) is highly recommended. Since it lets you open multiple Tacview windows at once. However there is a [steam version](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1174860/Tacview/) as well. Which only lets you open one tacview file at a time
- Download and run VTRC_Installer.exe from the latest [release](https://github.com/LSantos2003/VTReplayConverter/releases)
- Once VTRC is installed, uninstall the VTRC_Installer since it is no longer needed
### Linux
If you're on linux, use this [guide](./Linux.md) 


## Features
![vtrc_converted_replay](https://github.com/LSantos2003/VTReplayConverter/blob/master/VTReplayConverter/ReadmeResources/vtrc_converted_replay.gif)
- Electronic Warfare Visuals
- Terrain Creation
- Imported VTOL VR Models 
- Radar lock displays (Only in Tacview advanced sadly)
## Soon To Come
- More VTOL VR models to put in 
- SAM Threat Spheres

## Big thanks to 
- Kynabas: Testing and model edits
- Danku: Testing and EW Cone
